Blueberry & Lavender Cheesecake
1hr + set overnight
16 rectangular pieces
https://thelemonandjar.wordpress.com/tag/lavender-cheesecake-recipe/

Base:
1.5 cup walnuts
3/4 cup dried dates + 2 tbsp boiling water, cover and let soften for 5 minutes*
(Alternatively, use approx. 1 cup of fresh pitted medjool dates)
A small pinch of salt
Main component:
3 cups soaked cashews (at least 5 hours or overnight)
3/4 cup non-dairy milk
1 cup maple syrup (Or 1/2 cup maple syrup and 1/2 cup honey)
1/2 cup + 3 tbsp lemon juice (2-4 lemons)
1/4 cup frozen blueberries
2-3 tsp lavender tea (1/2 cups boiling water  + 1.5 tsp dried lavender [make sure this is suitable for tea], steeped for 10 mins and then remove the lavender bits)

Making the base:
Pulse the walnuts and salt in a food processor for 10-15 seconds or so until the walnuts resemble large crumbs. Add in your dates and blitz  for another minute or so until your mixture comes together.
Line a rectangular brownie tray with baking paper then distribute your walnut mixture evenly throughout the tray. Press the mixture gently but firmly into the tray, making sure its relatively even. You may use the bottom of a small container or a second tray to help you compress the base evenly. Set aside.
Making the filling:
Add your cashews, non-dairy milk, maple syrup and only 1/3 cup of lemon juice into a high speed blender. Blend until very smooth. Taste and add more lemon juice gradually until it reaches your desired taste!
Now, pour half of the cashew mixture over your base and pop it into your freezer to set slightly. You may also set aside 1/4 cup of this to pipe the top with for decorative purposes.
Keep the remaining half of the cashew mixture in the blender and add in the 2-3 tsp of lavender tea and blueberries. Blend until very smooth. You may have to stop halfway to stir through any blueberry skin/seeds that have stuck to the sides. When it is smooth and ready to use, take your tray out of the freezer and pour the blueberry layer over the white layer. Set in the freezer overnight before cutting it into 16 rectangular pieces with a clean knife. Wipe the knife clean in between slices to keep the sides of your cake clean and crisp!
Optional:
Pipe the tops with the reserved cheesecake mixture. Keep the slices in the fridge or freezer until ready to eat. Decorate the tops of your cake with some flowers just before serving.
